Docs (#176)
IBM/cp4waiops-gitops: docs/how-to-deploy-cp4waiops-customsize.md

  - [Install custom sizing CP4WAIOps from UI](#install-custom-sizing-cp4waiops-from-ui)
    - [Login to Argo CD](#login-to-argo-cd)
    - [Grant Argo CD Cluster Admin Permission](#grant-argo-cd-cluster-admin-permission)
    - [Install custom sizing CP4WAIOps Using All-in-One Configuration](#install-custom-sizing-cp4waiops-using-all-in-one-configuration)
      - [Install AI Manager and Event Manager in One Go](#install-ai-manager-and-event-manager-in-one-go)
      - [Install *x-small* custom sizing CP4WAIOps](#install-x-small-custom-sizing-cp4waiops)
      - [Install *x-small-idle* custom sizing CP4WAIOps](#install-x-small-idle-custom-sizing-cp4waiops)
      - [Install *x-small-custom* custom sizing CP4WAIOps](#install-x-small-custom-custom-sizing-cp4waiops)
      - [Install custom sizing CP4WAIOps in SNO](#install-custom-sizing-cp4waiops-in-sno)
      - [Install custom sizing CP4WAIOps using *Custom Build*](#install-custom-sizing-cp4waiops-using-custom-build)
    - [Verify CP4WAIOps Installation](#verify-cp4waiops-installation)
    - [Access CP4WAIOps](#access-cp4waiops)

<!-- END doctoc generated TOC please keep comment here to allow auto update -->

> # Deploy custom sizing CP4WAIOps using GitOps

Author: Agree.

> ## Prerequisite

Author: Agree.

   podman login cp.icr.io --username cp --password "${IBM_ENTITLEMENT_KEY:?}"
   ```

### Update the OCP global pull secret

[Update the OCP global pull secret](https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.7/openshift_images/managing_images/using-image-pull-secrets.html) with the entitlement key.

Keep in mind that the registry user for that secret is `cp`. A common mistakes is to assume the registry user is the name or email of the user owning the entitlement key.

#### Update the global pull secret using the OpenShift console

1. Navigate to the "Workloads > Secrets" page in the "Administrator" perspective.

1. Select the object "pull-secret".

1. Click on "Actions -> Edit secret".

1. Scroll to the bottom of that page and click on "Add credentials", using the following values for each field:

   - "Registry Server Address" `cp.icr.io`
   - "Username": `cp`
   - "Password": paste the entitlement key you copied from the [Obtain an entitlement key](#obtain-an-entitlement-key) setp
   - "Email": any email, valid or not, will work. This fields is mostly a hint to other people who may see the entry in the configuration

1. Click on "Save"

> ## Install custom sizing CP4WAIOps from UI

Author: Agree.

### Login to Argo CD

You can now login to Argo CD UI as follows by clicking the drop down menu on top right.

![w](images/gitops-menu.png)

Argo CD UI will be popped up and you can login using `LOG IN VIA OPENSHIFT`.

![w](images/gitops-login.png)

### Grant Argo CD Cluster Admin Permission

From Red Hat OpenShift Console, go to `User Management` > `RoleBindings` > `Create binding`. Use the form view to configure the properties for the `ClusterRoleBinding` with values as follows, and click the `Create` button.

- Binding type
  - Cluster-wide role binding (ClusterRoleBinding)
- RoleBinding
  - Name: argocd-admin
- Role
  - Role Name: cluster-admin
- Subject
  - ServiceAccount: check it
  - Subject namespace: openshift-gitops
  - Subject name: openshift-gitops-argocd-application-controller

> ### Install custom sizing CP4WAIOps Using All-in-One Configuration

Author: Agree.

#### Install AI Manager and Event Manager in One Go

The all-in-one configuration allows you to install following components in one go:

- Ceph storage (optional)
- AI Manager
- Event Manager

> For AI Manager, you can specify the installation profile or sub-profile of small with custom sizing, including:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For AI Manager, you can specify the installation profile with the values that are officially supported for production use:
```

Author: Agree.

- large
- small

> - extra small: sub-profile requesting much less cpu and memory, only for demo, PoC, or dev environment in a resource (cpu and memory) limited cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Or you can use following values that are all pre-defined sample profiles to demonstrate custom sized CP4WAIOps. These profiles require much less cpu and memory than `small` profile which are only for demo, PoC, or development purpose in a resource restricted environment.
```

>   - x-small

Reviewer: May need to explain what these profiles mean, e.g.: 
- x-small can be used to run LAD
- x-small-idle is the minimum profile in order to launch CP4WAIOps, just all pods up and running.
- x-small-custom is the a special profile that allows users to customize by themselves but the default values are based on `x-small` profile.

  - x-small-idle
  - x-small-custom
  

>  And support SNO (Single Nodw OCP).  	 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Just fill in the form using the suggested field values listed in following table when you create the Argo CD App:

| Field                 | Value                                                 |
| --------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------- |
| Application Name      | anyname (e.g. cp4waiops-app)                          |
| Project               | default                                               |
| Sync Policy           | Automatic                                             |
| Repository URL        | https://github.com/IBM/cp4waiops-gitops               |
| Revision              | release-3.4                                           |
| Path                  | config/all-in-one                                     |
| Cluster URL           | https://kubernetes.default.svc                        |
| Namespace             | openshift-gitops                                      |

In Helm PARAMETERS: specify/override which profile to install:

> | Field                 | Value                                                        | Description

Reviewer: Suggest to use the below table headline consistently for Helm PARAMETERS description.

| Parameter                | Type   | Default Value      | Description 
| ------------------- |--------|--------------------|-------------
| `<Parameter>`          | `<Type>` | `<Default Value>`      | `<Description>`

Author: Agree.

| ------------------------------------- |--------|---------------|-----------------------------------
| cp4waiops.storageClass                | string | rook-cephfs   | The storage class for CP4WAIOps to use.
| cp4waiops.storageClassLargeBlock      | string | rook-cephfs   | The storage class for large block for CP4WAIOps to use.
| globalImagePullSecrets                | array  | n/a           | A list of registries for image pull when needed during the install.

For example, if the custom build to be installed includes images from registries other than the official IBM entitled registry, you can use `globalImagePullSecrets` to specify all necessary information for these registries including registry URLs, as well as username and password to access these registries.

Again, since these parameters are invisible, you can add them when filling in the form in `HELM` > `VALUES` field:

```yaml
globalImagePullSecrets:
- registry: <my_own_registry_1>
  username: <username_to_registry_1>
  password: <password_to_registry_1>
- registry: <my_own_registry_2>
  username: <username_to_registry_2>
  password: <password_to_registry_2>
```

> #### Install *x-small* custom sizing CP4WAIOps 

Reviewer: What do the following sections mean? Readers may be confused w/o more explanation. It looks the `x-small-<variation>` params have already been mentioned in previous section.

Author: Agree to remove all those sections.

| Field                          | Value         | Description
| ------------------------------ | ------------- |--------------------------|
| cp4waiops.profile              | x-small       | x-small are custom sizing|
| cp4waiops.eventManager.enabled |false          | not install eventmanager |

#### Install *x-small-idle* custom sizing CP4WAIOps 
| Field                          | Value         | Description
| ------------------------------ | ------------- |--------------------------|
| cp4waiops.profile              | x-small-idle  | x-small are custom sizing|
| cp4waiops.eventManager.enabled |false          | not install eventmanager |

#### Install *x-small-custom* custom sizing CP4WAIOps 
| Field                          | Value                   | Description|
| ------------------------------ | ------------- |--------------------------|
| cp4waiops.profile              | x-small-custom| x-small are custom sizing|
| cp4waiops.eventManager.enabled |false          | not install eventmanager |

> #### Install custom sizing CP4WAIOps in SNO

Reviewer: Let's do not mention SNO in this doc, just focus on the custom sizing topic. SNO would be a separate topic which includes the steps to install SNO and shape CP4WAIOps, hence a separate doc.

Author: Agree.

| cp4waiops.aiManager.channel         | string | v3.4                                      | The subscription channel for AI Manager.

These parameters are invisible when you create the Argo CD App from UI, but you can add them when filling in the form in `HELM` > `VALUES` field.

For example, adding following YAML snippet to `HELM` > `VALUES` field will install AI Manager and Event Manager using custom imageCatalog and channel:

```yaml
cp4waiops:
  imageCatalog: <my_custom_image_catalog_for_ai_manager>
  aiManager:  
    channel: <my_custom_channel_for_ai_manager>
```

### Verify CP4WAIOps Installation

After both Ceph and CP4WAIOps are ready, you will be able to see those Apps from Argo CD UI as follows with status as `Healthy` and `Synced`.

![w](images/gitops-x-small-idle.png)

![w](images/gitops-x-small-idle-allin1.png)

You can check the topology of CP4WAIOps using Argo CD UI as follows:

![w](images/aimanager-33.png)

You can also check from command line as follows, and make sure there are no error pods. If there are some pods in error state, you can check logs either from Argo CD UI or using `kubectl logs` from command line.

> For example, to check custom sizing configmap of AI Manager:

Reviewer: Shall we expose the custom sizing configmap as the implementation details to readers? If yes, it would be better to explain it at the very beginning of this doc, e.g.: to tell readers that the custom sizing is achieved by applying a special config map that includes all custom sizing settings to different components and will be respected by installer to propagate and enforce these settings down to each component. (If this has been documented officially in IBM Docs, then maybe we can refer to the link simply.) What we did w/ this gitops repo is to store some sample config maps that have been verified to be working to demonstrate the use of this config map.

Author: Agree that it is better not to expose the tech details of this configmap, after all, customer does not care how custom sizing happens, but only care to be able to deploy it in their resource limited cluster.
